---
title: Custom Reports
description: This article explains the Custom Reporting feature, which lets you create report templates to assess personal performance, present statistics, or archive results. You can attach report templates to a schedule so that they generate automatically on a recurring schedule or at a given time. You can also run a report template on-demand.
sub_collection_render: true
single_level_nav: true
_data: single-level-nav
collection_group: [Ringcentral]
sgts_collection_group: [toolchain]
sgts_layer_group: [base]
sgts_title: Custom Reports
redirect_from:
    - https://support.ringcentral.com/article-v2/Custom-reports.html?brand=RingCentral&product=CC&language=en_US
---


### Custom Reports

**Overview**
When you create a custom report template, you can select certain features and metrics, the order in which they appear, and the interval at which the report measures the metrics. You can also apply filters to limit the report’s information. You can organize reports by category in the Report Template table. You can use default categories and create custom categories. When you create a schedule to attach to a report template, you choose when and how often the report runs, how long the report appears in the Executed Reports table, and who will receive the report. Report recipients can be internal to your environment, or you can specify external email addresses. You can also create an SFTP account and save the report to a server. To take advantage of all features available, you must configure them in the following order:
Categories
Templates
SFTP accounts

**Schedules**
The Security Profile controls who can view, create, modify, and delete report templates, schedules, and SFTP. Users need custom profiles to access these features.  To learn more, read Security Profile - Platform.
Categories
Categories help you organize your custom report templates. You can use categories to sort your table. The default categories are:
ACD (Automatic Call Distribution)
Agent
Blended
Contact
IVR
Personal Connection
WFO
You can also create custom categories.

**Create categories**
Log into RingCentral Contact Center.
Click the app selector  and select Reporting.
Under Custom Reports, click Categories > Create New.
Enter a Category Name, then click Create Category.
Edit categories
When you create a custom reporting category, you can modify it later by changing its name. System categories are not editable.
Deactivate categories
You can deactivate custom reporting categories if you no longer need them. You can also reactivate those categories if you need them again. When you deactivate a category, you’ll need to assign the template to a new category.

**Templates**
Custom Report Templates produce a custom report for which you define the details, including the metrics, parameters, and recipients. Custom reports allow you to:
Customize reports to meet your organization's needs.
Personalize reports for specific positions or roles.
View custom data to identify and solve unique problems.
You can add a schedule to the template, or you can manually generate the report directly from the template. If you generate a report manually, it immediately downloads from your browser. If you schedule a template to run, it generates the report and distributes it to your recipients list by email. Key features of Custom Report templates include:
Reports can target agent data, contact data, or IVR data.
You can generate high-level information about your entire contact center, or report on subtle details.
You can generate data from the moment a contact entered your system, or based on the time interval of the day.
You can organize and customize your reports with unique categories or headers.
You can send reports from these templates to users’ email addresses, external email addresses, or to an exterior SFTP server.
Custom Report Templates use  two types of date ranges:
Dynamic: Preset timeframes that change with respect to the current date. Dynamic date ranges are useful for scheduling a report to run at a certain interval. For instance, you may generate reports that run Today, Yesterday, the last seven days, etc..
Static: Specific dates that do not change with respect to the current date. You can specify a single date or a date range.
Global templates
RingCentral Contact Center provides pre-built custom report templates. You can’t edit these templates directly, but you can copy them and change the copy. These global reports have negative IDs (ex. -1245) and are the same across all business units. You can access these global templates in the custom reports table (Reporting > Custom Reports).

**Create a template**
If you want to apply a custom header or category to the top of all reports generated by this template, you’ll need to create the header or category first.
Log into RingCentral Contact Center.
Click the app selector  and select Reporting.
Under Custom Reports, click Report Templates > Create New.
Complete the Create form, then click Next.
Complete the Required Information form, then click Next.
Complete the Fields page.
You can click Run to test the metrics and fields that you’ve selected. Your browser will automatically download the report after it runs. Check the report before continuing.
Click Next if you’re satisfied with your selected settings.
Click Save.
After creating a report template, you can create a custom schedule on which the report will run. To do so, you must select the desired report in the Schedule settings.
If you added a schedule to your custom report, you can also connect the report with a custom SFTP server. Each time the report is generated according to its schedule, the report will also be sent to your SFTP server.

**Run reports manually**
fter you create a report template, you can run it manually or set up a report schedule that will run it for you once or on a recurring schedule. Manual reports have two limitations: the report must contain no more than 13 months of data, and it must take no longer than three minutes to run. You must use a report schedule to run any reports that exceed these limitations.
Log into RingCentral Contact Center.
Click the app selector  and select Reporting.
Click Custom Reporting > Report Templates.
In this tab, click on the report template you want to run.
Click Run.
A popup will indicate that your report is processing. Your browser will automatically download the report after it runs. You won’t be able to navigate away until the report has been created. Click Cancel to cancel the report and close the window.

**Schedules**
You can manually run a custom report directly from the report template at any time, or you can create a schedule. A schedule allows you to automate the process of running a report. You can schedule a report to run once or you can choose a recurring date and time. If you schedule a report, the report will be distributed to your recipients list by email. Key features of Custom Reporting schedules:
You can create a recurring schedule that occurs on certain days, weeks, or months. You can run a report on several days throughout the week on a regular basis, a single day per week, every other week, every third week of a month, etc.
You can set the report to run indefinitely, or set a date on which to stop running the report.
You can request as many reports as you like. They will go into your custom reporting queue. You can queue up as many as 12 reports at a time. As finished reports drop out of the queue, new requests are added to the queue.
These schedules determine the recipients of the report. You can send the generated report to users in your environment, external email addresses, or you can use an SFTP connection to send your report to a server.
Scheduled reports are generated in English. A manual report can be displayed in any supported language, as the report is run directly in the browser rather than through the system.
Reports won’t send if their file size exceeds the limit of your email system.

**Create schedules**
Log into RingCentral Contact Center.
Click the app selector  and select Reporting.
Under Custom Reports click Schedules > Create New.
Configure the Name & Other Details page, then click Next.
On the Report Distribution page, choose the recipients of the report. You can:
Select users in the Email Recipients table, or
Enter semicolon-separated external email addresses, or
elect a custom SFTP account.
Click Next.
Configure how you want to handle potential errors on the Errors page.  Note: You can copy all the recipients that you selected in the previous step by clicking Copy Email Distribution List.
Click Save.
Click Activate to activate the schedule.
Custom report schedules are inactive upon creation. You must manually activate the schedule for it to apply to the selected custom report template. By default, only the creator of the report can activate a schedule.
Note: Before making any changes to an existing report schedule, you must first deactivate the schedule.
